The following file contains a list of error code responses. Note the specific way we tell python when to start and stop reading each error message, using <>.

<400>
Error Code: 400 - Bad Request

The 400 status code, or Bad Request error, means a HTTP request sent to our server has an invalid syntax.

400  Troubleshooting:
- Your session cookie may be corrupt. Try clearing the browser’s cache and cookies.
- Non-Conformant HHTP request, due to a faulty browser. Try using a different broswer.
- Non-Conformant HHTP request, due to human error when manually forming HTTP requests.
<br 400>

<401>
Error Code: 401 - Unauthorised

The 401 status code, or an Unauthorised error, means that the user trying to access the resource which has not been authenticated correctly.

401 Troubleshooting:
- You must provide valid credentials in order to be able to view the protected resource.
- This error will continue to persist until you have entered a  valid username and password.
<br 401>

<404>
Error Code: 404 - Page Not Found

The 404 status code, or a Not Found error, means that the user is able to communicate with the server. Hoorah.
HOWEVER, you cannot access the file or resource in which you have requested. Bugger.

404 Troubleshooting:
- Did you type in the wrong URL?
- The URL or file resource may have been moved ordeleted since you last logged in. Sorry.
<br 404>

<500>
Error Code: 500 - Internal Server Error

The 500 status code, or Internal Server Error, means that our server cannot process your HTTP request for an unknown reason.
This error is probably not your fault. Sorry.

500 Troubleshooting:
- This most common cause for this error is server misconfiguration, or missing file packages.
<br 500>

<502>
Error Code: 502 - Bad Gateway

The 502 status code, or Bad Gateway error, means that the server that ths web app is running on is a proxy server.
It is not receiving a valid response from the backend servers, which should ACTUALLY be fulfilling the request.

502 Troubleshooting:
- Check that the backend servers, where your HTTP requests are being forwarded to, are healthy.
- Check that the reverse proxy is configured properly.
- Check that the network connection between the backend servers and proxy servers are healthy.
- Check that the firewall is allowing the traffic between the backend server, and the proxy server.
<br 502>

<503>
Error Code: 503 - Service Unavailable

The 503 status code, or Service Unavailable error, means that the server is overloaded or under maintenance.
Don't panic. This error implies that the service should become available shortly.

503 Troubleshooting:
- Check that the WSGI server has enough CPU or memory resources in order to handle all of the incoming requests.
- Check that Gunicorn has enough workers configured in order to leverage the CPU, to handle more requests.
<br 503>

<504>
Error Code: 504 - Gateway Timeout

The 504 status code, or Gateway Timeout error, means that the proxy server is not receiving a response from the backend servers, within the allowed time period.

504 Troubleshooting:
- The network connection between the servers is poor.
- The backend server that is fulfilling the request is too slow due to poor performance.
- The gateway or proxy server’s timeout duration is too short.
<br 504>